get started: update guide (#23989)
docker/docker.github.io: content/get-started/introduction/build-and-push-first-image.md

To share your Docker images, you need a place to store them. This is where registries come in. While there are many registries, Docker Hub is the default and go-to registry for images. Docker Hub provides both a place for you to store your own images and to find images from others to either run or use as the bases for your own images.

When choosing base images, Docker Hub offers two categories of trusted, Docker-maintained images:

> - [Docker Official Images (DOI)](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/image-library/trusted-content/#docker-official-images) – Curated images for popular software, following best practices and regularly updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Docker Official Images (DOI)](/manuals/docker-hub/image-library/trusted-content/#docker-official-images) – Curated images for popular software, following best practices and regularly updated.
```
